Add dbt core upgrade considerations to Runtime docs (#1270)
astronomer/docs: astro/upgrade-runtime.md

    You will also see an **Image tag** for your deploy. This tag is shown only for Deployments on Astro and is not generated for changes in a local environment.

## Version upgrade considerations

This topic contains information about upgrading to specific versions of Astro Runtime. This includes notes on breaking changes, database migrations, and other considerations that might depend on your use case.

### Runtime 5 (Airflow 2.3)

### Incompatibility with dbt-core provider package

> The `dbt-core` provider package is currently incompatible with Runtime 5+. The root cause for this issue is not yet known. If `dbt-core` is listed in your Astro project `requirements.txt` file when you attempt to upgrade to Runtime 5+, the upgrade will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `dbt-core` provider package is currently incompatible with Runtime 5.0.0 and later. The root cause for this issue is not yet known. If `dbt-core` is listed in your Astro project `requirements.txt` file when you attempt to upgrade to Runtime 5.0.0 or later, the upgrade fails.
```

> To continue with the upgrade to Runtime 5, remove `dbt-core` from your `requirements.txt` file. To continue running dbt Core jobs with Airflow, stay on your current Runtime version or upgrade to Runtime version 4.2.x until the fix for this issue is developed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To continue with the upgrade to Runtime 5.0.0 or later, remove `dbt-core` from your `requirements.txt` file. To continue running dbt Core jobs with Airflow, don't upgrade your current Runtime version or upgrade to Runtime version 4.2.x and wait until a  fix is announced. 
```

### Changes to the Airflow metadata database 

> Astro Runtime 5, based on Airflow 2.3, includes changes to the schema of the Airflow metadata database. When you first upgrade to Runtime 5, consider the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro Runtime 5.0.0, based on Airflow 2.3, includes changes to the schema of the Airflow metadata database. When you first upgrade to Runtime 5.0.0, consider the following:
```

> - Upgrading to Runtime 5 can take 10 to 30 minutes or more depending on the number of task instances that have been recorded in the metadata database throughout the lifetime of your Deployment on Astro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgrading to Runtime 5.0.0 can take 10 to 30 minutes or more depending on the number of task instances that have been recorded in the metadata database throughout the lifetime of your Deployment on Astro.
```
